feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/levy/logcdf` (#4391)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/levy/logcdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/levy/logcdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_levy_logcdf( x, mu, c )

> Returns the logarithm of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Lévy distribution with location parameter `mu` and scale parameter `c` at value `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the logarithm of the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] (CDF) for a [Lévy][levy-distribution] distribution with parameters `mu` (location parameter) and `c > 0` (scale parameter).
```
